# Licence of Ensembl data

This project utilises the data from the Ensembl project, provided by the Human Phenotype Ensembl. However, this project is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by the Ensembl.

The project takes the original data release, selects a subset of data it needs, and represent the data in a different format. The project does not modify the original data in any way, and the original data is provided as-is. If any discrepancies are found in the data, please refer to the original data release, and contact us to report an issue or error in our usage of it.

## Original license terms

Ensembl imposes no restrictions on access to, or use of, the data provided and the software used to analyse and present it. Ensembl data generated by members of the project are available without restriction. Ensembl code written by members of the project is provided under the Apache 2.0 licence.

Some of the data and software included in the distribution may be subject to third-party constraints. Users of the data and software are solely responsible for establishing the nature of and complying with any such restrictions.

The European Molecular Biology Laboratory's European Bioinformatics Institute (EMBL-EBI) provides this data and software in good faith, but make no warranty, express or implied, nor assume any legal liability or responsibility for any purpose for which they are used.

## Data source and links

- [Ensemble organisation](https://www.ensembl.org/index.html)
- [FTP data release page](https://ftp.ensembl.org/pub/)
